Stargate v2 readme updates (#2055)
stargate/stargate: apis/sgv2-docsapi/README.md

./mvnw install -DskipTests
```

> You can run your application in dev mode with live coding enabled using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your application in dev mode with live coding enabled, use:
```

Author: making change in separate commit

#### Skipping unit tests

Alternatively you may want to run only integration tests but not unit tests (especially when changing integration tests).

> This can be achieved with the command:

Reviewer: Use the command:

Author: fixed

```shell script
../mvnw package
```

> This produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
```

The OpenAPI definitions are generated and available under `/stargate/openapi` endpoint.
The [StargateDocsApi](src/main/java/io/stargate/sgv2/docsapi/StargateDocsApi.java) class defines the `@OpenAPIDefinition` annotation.
This definition defines the default *SecurityScheme* named `Token`, which expects the header based authentication with the HTTP Header `X-Cassandra-Token`.
The `info` portions of the Open API definitions are set using the `quarkus.smallrye-openapi.info-` configuration properties.

> The Swagger UI is available under the `/swagger-ui` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swagger UI is available at the `/swagger-ui` endpoint.
```
